Document the teams request endpoint (#1766)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions.mdx

- Backed by an active wildcard certificate

The easiest way to satisfy all of these constraints is to ensure the domain is also added to a project located within the same team. This project would ideally contain a single `index.html` that would display when someone visits the bare domain.

## Maximum Team Member Requests

> Only 10 users can request access to a team before an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> has to either approve or decline those requests. This ensures the requests cannot be abused with spam requests and that the list of users who requested access will always be manageable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No more than 10 requests of users wanting to join a team can be open at the same time. In order to allow for more requests, the existing ones have to be approved or declined by an owner of the team.

This ensures the list always remains managable and protected against spam.
```

## Inviting Users to Team Who Requested Access

> If a user already requested access to the team it's not possible to invite them. Instead, their request has to be accepted by an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a user already requested access to the team, it's not possible to invite them. Instead, their request must be accepted by an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team.
```

> If a user already requested access to the team it's not possible to invite them. Instead, their request has to be accepted by an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user already requested access to a team, it's not possible to invite them. Instead, their request must be approved by an owner of the team in order for the user to gain acess.

This ensures no requests are accidentally accepted.
```
